just like magic you flip it over there's
an alas that you hit and it pops up and
you can pull the entire core out and
almost looks like this nuclear reactor
core you know something that you've seen
in Mission Impossible there's easy
access to all the RAM to the airport
cards to the graphics cards you don't
have to then say okay I'm going to
upgrade the memory what expert am I
going to have to find it's something
that really an eight-year-old can do in
about 15 seconds along with this amazing
little cube you have a new keyboard a
professional new mouse is optical so
there's nothing to clog your jam we
reduce the speed cuz to an element
perform the sphere the elegant very
simple and they sound they sound
outrageous
I love the new flat panels wait i just
think both the big one and the smaller
one are just the most beautiful things
other people are totally in love with
the way then you see Artie looks at see
through back end is it's just so Apple
the new g4 cube is the ultimate desktop
movie making machine it comes with
iMovie to software or if your
professional you can step right up to
Final Cut Pro you get an idea you walk
out you film it you bring it that you
download it to firewire you can play
with it in Final Cut Pro and I ad type
whatever and boom it's done whether you
do publishing web design video editing
this machine was made for you if I had
only seen the power mac g4 cube I would
have been very impressed i would have
said this is going to be a very
important product for Apple and for
users but it didn't stop there and from
one experience to the next it just kept
getting better and better and I left
kind of scratched my head thing is is
there anything that's missing from this
product offering and i'm still thinking
because i don't think there is
I think the thing that I'm most thrilled
with is that the products are are now
very different but then together they do
relators as one very harmonious family
Steve love is doing tada and pulling the
sheet off of stuff and it was just
another one of those two days where you
go holly done it again
you